there's chippy ultimate news we're at
ceva de zero i'm at the fujitsu booth
had just launched the e-series the
laptops one of which falls almost in
sales book can't catch me the SAT ii 733
is one millimeter too thick if it had a
touchscreen it would be an ultrabook but
it's one millimeter too thick to the
east of the cemetery business focus vpro
device in this build here you've got the
brand new core i7s we're two gigahertz
two three gigahertz on turbo eight gigs
of ram loading this with a fingerprint
reader obvious EVP pro TPM let's have a
look at some of those ports because we
got here a card reader you just see that
at that spot that's a smart card reader
SD card reader USB Ethernet at Full HD
my full BGA is fan input there and it's
actually a micro particle filter that
you can pull out on that one on the
other side just below the fingerprint
reader though a couple more USB ports
separate mic and headphone and then
what's this on the side well that is in
this case a DVD drive but you can pull
out that as on some of the other
fujitsu's you can pull that out and put
in an extra battery or a projector and
mini projector we've seen that before on
one of the fidgets whose last year so
that in combination with the existing
big battery that's inside it's going to
give you some good running times and in
fact we had a quick look at some of the
specs here and we're looking at a 72
hour battery standard which is running
for predicted sort of eight hours on
that
so this is actually a second series
prototype here this is not the final
product so the keyboard is a little bit
to offset and a couple of build quality
issues on this but it's not sir but oh
yeah it is backlit actually if I just
well that looks like a backlight but i'm
not sure the back lights actually
working doesn't seem to Isis you can see
the back right there
so backlit keyboard to where the Q 702
didn't have a backlight keep backlit
keyboard this does also has a proper
multi touch panel there so from the back
let me just lift this up industry
underneath you can see access ports are
there so you pull out the DVD drive
there is access to the ramps or so
upgradable there's that micro particle
filter for the input fan there is a
docking station or sliced battery option
and there's the removable battery that
looks like a four cell battery on that
so ways one point eight kilos is pretty
hefty su feels compared to albs very
very heavy the 13 inch 1366 x 768 matt
panel pricing well you can imagine it's
going to start away nor for 1000 euros
and fully configured as it is here with
all your options expect way over 2,000
euros we haven't got full price of em
got to availability yet we'll see if we
can find that out for you it's chippy
from ultimate news.com we're at sea bit
day zero thanks for watching
you